Is he really a woman for one night?
Are you all right?
Yeah, it's okay.
I'm going to see if Chao Chao slept well.
Chef Gao
Has the monitoring data of Huanglian Club been restored?
I want to know right away
Is that woman related to Brother Song Nan?
Did you find out about Uncle Gao's woman that night?
The corridor monitoring has been restored, and it will be checked tomorrow.
OK
Song Lan's people that night will be
Hello, sister, it's me.
Isn't it of course
I've come to tell you the good news.
Sister, I helped you find that duck back then
He knows you gave him a good baby
Very happy
Song Mingzhu, what did you say?
Just don't know
Will your new husband divorce when he sees that duck?
Southeast brother
If you divorce again, you will get married three times next time, right?
Hahaha yes
I told him about your son's school by the way
He is now happily picking up his son from school
What's up?